src/components/WeatherApp/README.md, before:

# Weather App

## Overview

The [Weather App](https://itkrivoshei.github.io/OdinMonoWebApps/#/WeatherApp) is a dynamic web application providing real-time weather forecasts. It is developed using React, TypeScript, and Redux Toolkit, offering a user-friendly interface with Material UI components styled using a custom Dracula theme. The app integrates with the [Weather API](https://www.weatherapi.com/) and [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/) to fetch and display weather data and related GIFs. Users can search for weather forecasts by city and enjoy an adaptive UI that changes its visual theme based on the weather conditions.

## Key Features

- **Real-time Weather Data**: Fetches current weather forecasts for any specified location using the Weather API.
- **Unit Conversion**: Users can switch between metric (°C, km/h) and imperial (°F, mph) units for temperature and wind speed.
- **Interactive Weather GIFs**: Engaging weather-themed GIFs from the Giphy API based on the current weather conditions.
- **State Management with Redux Toolkit**: Efficient application state management for a responsive user experience.
- **City Search Functionality**: Allows users to search for weather information by city.

## Technologies

- **React**: For building the user interface.
- **TypeScript**: Ensures type safety and improves maintainability.
- **Redux Toolkit**: For state management.
- **Weather API & Giphy API**: Provides weather data and GIFs.
- **Material UI**: For component styling, replacing SCSS.
- **Custom Dracula Theme**: For a unique UI experience.

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the App directory:
   ```bash
   cd OdinMonoWebApps/dashboard
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## Usage

- **Location Search**: Enter a city or location to get the current weather forecast.
- **Toggle Temperature Units**: Use the switch to change temperature units between Fahrenheit and Celsius.
- **Enjoy Weather GIFs**: The app displays unique GIFs related to the current weather conditions.

## API Keys and Security

- **Secure your API Keys**: Keep your WeatherAPI and Giphy API keys secure, preferably using environment variables.
- **Avoid Publicly Exposing API Keys**: Never commit your API keys to the public repository. Use `.env` files or server-side configuration to manage them.

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions to the Weather App. To contribute:

1. Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps).
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add AmazingFeature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
6. Open a pull request.

For more details, see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) in the main repository.

## License

This project is open source, available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [The Odin Project's curriculum](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-weather-app).
- Thanks to [Weather API](https://www.weatherapi.com/) and [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/) for the data and media resources.

Commit message:

Update Weather App styling with CyberPunk Font

src/components/WeatherApp/README.md, after:

# Weather App

## Overview

The [Weather App](https://itkrivoshei.github.io/OdinMonoWebApps/#/WeatherApp) is a dynamic web application providing real-time weather forecasts. It is developed using React, TypeScript, and Redux Toolkit, offering a user-friendly interface with Material UI components styled using a custom CyberPunk Font. The app integrates with the [Weather API](https://www.weatherapi.com/) and [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/) to fetch and display weather data and related GIFs. Users can search for weather forecasts by city and enjoy an adaptive UI that changes gif based on the weather conditions.

## Key Features

- **Real-time Weather Data**: Fetches current weather forecasts for any specified location using the Weather API.
- **Unit Conversion**: Users can switch between metric (°C, km/h) and imperial (°F, mph) units for temperature and wind speed.
- **Interactive Weather GIFs**: Engaging weather-themed GIFs from the Giphy API based on the current weather conditions.
- **State Management with Redux Toolkit**: Efficient application state management for a responsive user experience.
- **City Search Functionality**: Allows users to search for weather information by city.

## Technologies

- **React**: For building the user interface.
- **TypeScript**: Ensures type safety and improves maintainability.
- **Redux Toolkit**: For state management.
- **Weather API & Giphy API**: Provides weather data and GIFs.
- **Material UI**: For component styling, replacing SCSS.
- **Custom CyberPunk Font**: For a unique UI experience.

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the App directory:
   ```bash
   cd OdinMonoWebApps/dashboard
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

## Usage

- **Location Search**: Enter a city or location to get the current weather forecast.
- **Toggle Temperature Units**: Use the switch to change temperature units between Fahrenheit and Celsius.
- **Enjoy Weather GIFs**: The app displays unique GIFs related to the current weather conditions.

## API Keys and Security

- **Secure your API Keys**: Keep your WeatherAPI and Giphy API keys secure, preferably using environment variables.
- **Avoid Publicly Exposing API Keys**: Never commit your API keys to the public repository. Use `.env` files or server-side configuration to manage them.

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions to the Weather App. To contribute:

1. Fork the [main repository](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps).
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add AmazingFeature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
6. Open a pull request.

For more details, see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) in the main repository.

## License

This project is open source, available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/itkrivoshei/OdinMonoWebApps/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [The Odin Project's curriculum](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-weather-app).
- Thanks to [Weather API](https://www.weatherapi.com/) and [Giphy API](https://developers.giphy.com/) for the data and media resources.
